In this video, we're going to search for products by keyword.
So here's our application, and the top we have this section
for searching for products.
And so basically the user can type in to text,
and he'll hit the search button,
and we'll give him those products
that match on that given keyword.
All right, so let's go ahead and look at
the development process.
So the first thing we'll do is we'll modify
our Spring Boot app.
We'll add a new search method.
We'll also create a new component for searching.
We'll also add a new angle or route for searching.
And then we'll update our SearchComponent
to send data to the search route.
Next, we'll enhance our PoductListComponent
to search for products with the ProductService.
And then finally we'll update our product service
to call the URL on the Spring Boot application.
Alrighty step one of modifying the Spring Boot app
for a search method.
So remember that Spring Data REST and Spring Data JPA
supports query methods.
So Spring will construct a query
based on method naming conventions.
And remember, this is all that Spring magic.
So here's our product repository,
we'll have this new method here,
"find by name containing",
and then we'll pass in the actual name.
So a bit more here,
so finding the products based on the name,
so we have this method,
so this is a special query method.
So the containing means that it's similar to "like"
in the normal SQL world.
And so behind the scenes,
Spring will actually execute
a query similar to this.
So they'll say "select star from product P, where p.name
LIKE CONCAT mate."
I'm going to use the percent wildcards
to match on the actual name.
So name's the actual parameter
that's being passed into this given method.
And again, Spring will do all this magic
for you behind the scenes.
Alrighty so then to actual call this method,
remember that it's under
api, slash, products, slash, search.
And then the method name "find by name containing."
and we pass with name=python.
So this is a way of passing data
to this REST API.
So here we should get a list of all products,
that have python in their name.
Now, the next step here is creating
a new component for search.
So we'll actually build a new angler component for this.
So we'll make use of the "ng generate".
And we'll say "component, components, slash, search"
And we'll add code to this later.
And then in step three we need to add a new angular
route for searching.
So in our at mod.cs file,
we'll set up this path, "search, slash, colon, keyword."
So That's a parameter that we're defining.
And then we'll tell it that this actual work
will be handled by the product of this component.
And we'll actually use this parameter
in some of our later code.